# git_test
I hope no one's reading this
<hr/>


`Update:` [14.05.23] Stopped for a couple months and now I need a refresher. <br/>
`Update:` [27.09.23] Enjoying the journey so far. I've been consistent since the last update and I'm starting to see the fruits of my labour. JS is still really tricky though... <br/>
`Update:` [17.11.2023] I've been learning React now for about two weeks. I've been jumping back and forth between that and JS, really trying to solidify my knowledge of the inner workings of JS. Recently took courses by Kyle Simpson and Will Sentance and I feel like I see JS in a whole new way. I even got ahead of myself and tried some Typescript, I'll dial it back a bit... <br/>
`Update:` [06.01.2024] Just wrapped up my first full-stack project, CropDate. It was a challenging process but not for the reasons that I thought it would be. For starters, there are so many packages and tools that I needed to use. This was supposed to be a front-end project, but through the process, it evolved. I was almost clueless about Node and Typescript before this, and now they're not as intimidating. I had to think on the fly, I hit roadblocks and felt like giving up a few times too. Most importantly, I think what this project taught me is that what makes a good engineer isn't necessarily skill (although it's important) but grit, creativity and flexibility. You have to be able to be level-headed enough to sit in that feeling of confusion and not get frustrated but be analytical, the problem is most likely something you're doing wrong. You shouldn't be too attached to one idea, there are multiple correct answers to a problem. It's your job to find the solutions that work best. I think now I'll focus on building out a portfolio and interview-prepping. Maybe I'll do a smaller project too, idk. <br/>
`Update:` [21.01.2024] Just started Ruby, I figured it'd be good to get another language under my belt. It's in the realm of front-end development, and they say it's one of the more simple languages to learn. 'They' weren't lying. It may be because I'm coming from JS but, everything (so far) is sooo intuitive and there are so many similarities. Hopefully, I'll be building some apps soon. I also want to get comfortable with Typescript... 
